3D Localizator app (#17)
cognitedata/javascript-getting-started: 3d-localizator/README.md

# 3D Localizator

This is example of using [@cognite/gearbox](https://github.com/cognitedata/gearbox.js) library.

> App uses `Model3DViewer`, `AssetSearch` and `AssetScanner`, `TenantSelector` uses for handling project picking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app demonstrates use of following components: `Model3DViewer`, `AssetSearch`, `AssetScanner` and `TenantSelector` for selecting a project.
```

> For authentication [@cognite/react-auth](https://github.com/cognitedata/react-auth) is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@cognite/react-auth](https://github.com/cognitedata/react-auth) has been used to handle authentication.
```

> For getting models you need to use a tenant with uploaded 3D models. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to log into a tenant (project) that has some uploaded 3D models to leverage `Model3DViewer` component.
```
